README.md, before:

# **Modelling the Spread of SARS-CoV-2 using Small World Networks**
Simulating the spread of COVID-19 on the UMassD campus using a Strogatz-Watts network to determine social connections.

---
## Prerequisites

* [Python 3.9](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

  * Check version with `py --version`

* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

  * Check version with `git --version`

---
## Installation

1. **Clone git repository**

In the command prompt or terminal, move the folder that you would like to keep the local repository. Once there type in the console:

`git clone https://github.com/TheAfroOfDoom/SWN-COVID-Model.git`

This will create a local repository identical to the GitHub repository.

2. **Install dependencies**

In the command prompt or terminal, in the root of the local repository, type the following:

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

---
## Run
To run the simulation and get graph outputs, use `model.py`:  
`py model.py`  

To get statistics about a graph file, modify and run `graphStats.py`:  
`py graphStats.py`

---
## Authors
* Jordan Williams (@TheAfroOfDoom)
* Alana McGraw

Commit message:

Updated graph preview from d=6 to d=3

README.md, after:

# **Modelling the Spread of SARS-CoV-2 using Small World Networks**
Simulating the spread of COVID-19 on the UMassD campus using a Strogatz-Watts network to determine social connections.

---
## Prerequisites

* [Python 3.9](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

  * Check version with `py --version`

* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

  * Check version with `git --version`

---
## Installation

1. **Clone git repository**

In the command prompt or terminal, move the folder that you would like to keep the local repository. Once there type in the console:

`git clone https://github.com/TheAfroOfDoom/SWN-COVID-Model.git`

This will create a local repository identical to the GitHub repository.

2. **Install dependencies**

In the command prompt or terminal, in the root of the local repository, type the following:

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

---
## Run
To run the simulation and get graph outputs, use `model.py`:  
`py model.py`  

To get statistics and a preview of a graph file, modify and run `graphStats.py`:  
`py graphStats.py`

## pretty
![Strogatz-Watts Graph](report/figures/ws/graph.png)
Strogatz-Watts Graph with 1500 nodes, mean vertex degree 43, and diameter 3.

---
## Authors
* Jordan Williams (@TheAfroOfDoom)
* Alana McGraw
